Document responsive navigation setting (#475)
kyma-project/luigi: docs/general-settings.md

    favicon: 'path/to/favicon.ico'
  }
}
```` 

* **hideNavigation** disables Luigi's default out-of-the-box navigation when set to `true`. As a result, neither the left nor top navigation is visible in your application, and you can implement your own navigation UI. By default, the parameter is set to `false`, which means the navigation is enabled.
* **backdropDisabled** prevents the backdrop layer from covering the top and left navigation when showing modal windows. By default, the backdrop is set to `true`.
* **header.logo** defines the top left navigation logo. It has a fixed height of 28px.
* **header.title** defines the top left navigation title.
* **header.favicon** defines the favicon. It rquires a standard favicon file with the `.ico` extension, and 16x16px or 32x32px dimensions.

> * **responsiveNavigation** allows adding a button on the left side of the top navigation. Upon click, the button shows or hides the left navigation. The possible values are `simple` and `simpleMobileOnly`. `simple` displays the button regardless of the browser window´s size, while `simpleMobileOnly` shows the button when the width is lower than `600px`. If you don't specify any value for  **responsiveNavigation**, the button will not be displayed. The same applies when you enable **hideNav** for the current active navigation node. 

Reviewer: Should be 
"The same applies when you enable **hideSideNav** for the current active navigation node."

Reviewer: FYI: https://github.com/kyma-project/luigi/issues/486

Author: done

> * **responsiveNavigation** allows adding a button on the left side of the top navigation. Upon click, the button shows or hides the left navigation. The possible values are `simple` and `simpleMobileOnly`. `simple` displays the button regardless of the browser window´s size, while `simpleMobileOnly` shows the button when the width is lower than `600px`. If you don't specify any value for  **responsiveNavigation**, the button will not be displayed. The same applies when you either enable **hideNavigation** in [general settings](#general-settings) or **hideNav** for the current active navigation node. 

Reviewer: I would remove the part with "hideNavigation" in the last sentence, since it is confusing and/or implicit - if there is no view at all, ofc the button is not displayed ;)

Author: Done please check again

> * **responsiveNavigation** allows to add a button to the very left of the top navigation which will show or hide the left navigation when clicked. Possible values are `simple` and `simpleMobileOnly`. `simple` will display the button regardless of the browser window´s size, while `simpleMobileOnly` will show the button when the width is lower than _600px_. If `responsiveNavigation` is not specified with one of these values the button will not be displayed. The same applies when `hideNavigation` is enabled in [general settings](#general-settings), or hideNav is set in the current active navigation node. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* **responsiveNavigation** allows adding a button on the left side of the top navigation. Upon click, the button shows or hides the left navigation. The possible values are `simple` and `simpleMobileOnly`. `simple` displays the button regardless of the browser window´s size, while `simpleMobileOnly` shows the button when the width is lower than `600px`. If you don't specify any value for  **responsiveNavigation**, the button will not be displayed. The same applies when you enable **hideNavigation** in [general settings](#general-settings), or set it for the current active navigation node. 
```

Author: Counter proposal, just changing the end of the sentence because the rest sounds really great :)
`
... The same applies when you enable either **hideNavigation** in [general settings](#general-settings), or **hideNav** for the current active navigation node. 
`

Reviewer 2: Yes, just realised that it's a different param. Looks good!
